SWOT Analysis
Analysis on Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities and Threats.
https://i0.wp.com/mgrush.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/Screen-Shot-2020-09-24-at-12.06.27-PM.png?ssl=1

4 W's and 1 H
WHO
The project can be used almost by all. All the employees and students and every one in this world can use the program to find out the answer they need. At the end, user satisfaction is the goal of the project.

WHAT
Calculations related to basic math and days and dates can be calculated quickly. All the basics functionalities are included in the project. User can use the program efficiently and get the required results.

WHEN
The project can be used at the time of fixing any program to check with the day and date they can go through the calender and get the results for basic allotment of the dates for the certain programs related problems. The result will be obtained quickly.

WHERE
In all the domains it can be used. As the project is portable and user-friendly, it can be easily implemented on the mobile systems and finance companies. It should overcome all the drawbacks of the old existing system and most important of all meet the user requirements. As without the dates and days no one can plan anything according to the requirement they can plans all the required dates.

HOW
System design is a solution for “HOW TO” approach to the creation of a new system. It translates system requirements into ways by which they can be made operational. It is a translational from a user oriented document to a document oriented programmers. For that, it provides the understanding and procedural details necessary for the implementation. Here UML diagrams are used to supplement the working of the new system. The system thus made should be reliable, durable and above all should have least possible maintenance costs.

##Detail requirements

High Level Requirements:

--- TBD in Tabular Format

ID	Description	Status
HR01	To provide a reliable and easy to use tool that manages an individual's calendar	
HR02	In a manner comparable to non-electronic media such as day planners and date books	
HR03	To provide a secure group environment that manages a collection of individual calendars for the purposes of group scheduling and information sharing	
HR04	To provide fully documented public domain source code for use by others	
HR05	To provide a pedagogical example for use in the instruction of software engineering, including an example of the practical application of formal methods	

Low level Requirements:

--- TBD in Tabular Format

ID	Description	Status
LR01	The system should be able to work with any database	
LR02	A programmer should be able to access the store	
LR03	A programmer should be able to access the store as a Web Service (using SOAP and XML)	
LR04	An administrator should be allowed to limit the number of entries a user can have in the store	
