Introduction
I decided to make project on Calender. A calendar is a chart or device which displays the date and the day of the week, and often the whole of a particular year divided up into months, weeks, and days. A calendar is a particular system for dividing time into periods such as years, months, and weeks, often starting from a particular point in history.It is a system of organizing days. This is done by giving names to periods of time, typically days, weeks, months and years. A date is the designation of a single, specific day within such a system. A calendar is also a physical record (often paper) of such a system.

Research
The basic calender doesn't involve any of the operations related to finding interests. It is easy to apply. Thus by studying all these facts, the necessary functions has been implemented to get the required results in a better way. As in the calender can be printed on the papers through that we can get to know the days,weeks,date etc. All the information regarding the festivals good muhutas and the remeberables days and we can make a note under that so the specific day we can remember it.

Cost and Features
As far as the project is well built and all the requirements met the cost can be varied according to the market.

Features
No. of days present in a month. No. of months present in a year. No. of days present in a week. It can detect that on what date which day of week and the important note we can note under the dates.

Defining the system
The system mainly involves three operation modes. They are dates declaration, day declaration and other note making modes for all important dates. All the operation modes are subdivided into required dates and days where user can choose the operation he wants and can perform accordingly. The result will be displayed at the end.

Research
Benefits&Features

PLAN FOR STUDY TIME. With so many things going on, you may wonder when you'll have time to study.

TRACK DUE DATES.

KEEPS FAMILY INFORMED.

EASE ANXIETY.

SEE AVAILABILITY, QUICKLY.

Advantages

It sets boundaries.

It keeps us on track.

It keeps us accountable.

It keeps us realistic.

From ancient times the knowledge is spread by people across the world in written form. First, the information is stored by carving words on copper using the sharp tool.
The time the papers are invented and using the ink and feather of bird the information is started to store on paper. which helped a lot for storing purpose.
The methods are really difficult as compared to today’s digitized world, nowadays we can find anything on just one click. Digitization of library helps to keep all the records secured and retrievable which saves the paperwork and made library records easy to store.
Cost and Features and Timeline
Cost
It is free of cost, since the system uses only open source software.

##Features
It displays a nicely formatted calendar of every month.
You can find the day by entering the day, month and year.
You can add the note for a particular day.
If the given month has a note in it, it will display || in that day.

##Defining Our System
Definition
Calendaring software is software that minimally provides users with an electronic version of a calendar. Additionally, the software may provide an appointment book, address book, and/or contact list.
The primary practical use of a calendar is to identify days: to be informed about or to agree on a future event and to record an event that has happened. Days may be significant for agricultural, civil, religious, or social reasons.
